To actually run quantum algorithms, such as Grover's algorithm, on near-term emerging gate model quantum hardware, the circuit must be compiled. Although compilation time can be an issue, as efficient compilation time is non-trivial, the actual problem involves compiling the circuit to the constraints of the hardware, minimizing the duration of the circuit to mitigate for decoherance. For any feasible realization of Grover's Algorithm, at least with current techniques, the circuits produced are quite large; as discussed, this can mean approximately double the amount of qubits and a large number of quantum gates that depends on the search problem. The problem is that this adds a significant amount of overhead. It turns out that evaluating a function value under quantum superposition can be much more energy inefficient than evaluating that same function by classical means, using any current techniques. The result of this is that the problem size for the quantum search must be already enormous in order for the quadratic speedup to overcome this starting penalty of the discussed overhead. There are no problems where people are willing to wait for compilation of Grover's for large enough size to be feasible, which can take years due to current techniques, as opposed to running the problem parallel on several servers for a few weeks. In addition, the efficiency of today's quantum hardware can be truly seen as an issue when running a circuit with a larger number of gates. Consider a situation where each gate is $99%$ efficient. For a Grover's search implementation that searches for the index $101$, for one iteration of Grover's this will need approximately $150$ quantum gates. For context, two iterations would require approximately $300$ quantum gates. For $150$ gates, we would have $0.99*150 \approx 0.22$. This is the attenuation of the probability of the correct answer. The hardware that I had access to needed to be better. For example, consider this trial run for the $101$ index on the *ibmq_melbourne_16* quantum architecture: (INSERT FIGURE HERE). As one can see, the result is quite uniform. Compare this to the simulation on IBM's quantum simulator, which assumes ideal conditions: (INSERT FIGURE HERE).
